Cli mcp list and powershell install (#4609)
timescale/docs: _partials/_devops-mcp-commands-cli.md

| mcp     |                    | Manage $MCP_LONG                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|         | install `[client]` | Install and configure $MCP_SHORT for a specific client installed on your developer device. <br/>Supported clients are: `claude-code`, `cursor`, `windsurf`, `codex`, `gemini/gemini-cli`, `vscode/code/vs-code`. <br/> Flags: <ul><li>`--no-backup`: do not back up the existing configuration</li><li>`--config-path`: open the configuration file at a specific location</li></ul> |

> |         | list               | List all MCP tools, prompts, and resources exposed by the Tiger MCP server. <br/> Flags: <ul><li>`--output` / `-o`: output format (`json`, `yaml`, `table`). Default is `table`</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: variable for Tiger MCP
```suggestion
|         | list               | List all MCP tools, prompts, and resources exposed by the $MCP_LONG. <br/> Flags: <ul><li>`--output` / `-o`: output format (`json`, `yaml`, `table`). Default is `table`</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```
